Fix dataset and global tool bar error with standalone React component (#1475)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: RELEASE.md

- Include the ID number for the related PR (or PRs) in parentheses
-->

## Bug fixes and other changes

- Fix incorrect rendering of datasets in modular pipelines. (#1439)
- Fix broken SVG/PNG exports in light theme. (#1463)

> - Fix dataset and global tool bar error with standalone React component (#1351)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix dataset and global toolbar error with standalone React component (#1351)
```

- Include the ID number for the related PR (or PRs) in parentheses
-->

## Bug fixes and other changes

- Fix incorrect rendering of datasets in modular pipelines. (#1439)
- Fix broken SVG/PNG exports in light theme. (#1463)
- Fix error when setting globalToolbar prop value as false. (#1351)

> - Fix error error in dropdown component. (#1351)

Reviewer 2: can we have 1 release comment like **Fix dataset and global tool bar error with standalone React component** ?
